Images merge (#12492)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/images/upload-images/upload-dashboard.md

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Upload via dashboard
weight: 2
---

# Upload via dashboard

Before you upload an image, check the list of supported formats and dimensions to confirm your image will be accepted.

To upload an image from the Cloudflare dashboard:

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login) and select your account.
2. Select **Images**. 

> 3. Drag and drop your image into the **Quick Upload** section or click **Drop images here** or select to browse to select your image locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Drag and drop your image into the **Quick Upload** section. Alternatively, you can select **Drop images here** or browse to select your image locally.
```
